# Helper debug scripts

Collection of scripts designed to visualize the shape functions involved with
generating the simulated topography. It uses `numpy` and `matplotlib` to
generate interactive plots of such functions.

- `plot_ellipse.py` plots the portion of the half ellipse to be created by the
  vibration turning process (v0.1.0)
- `plot_ellipse_full.py` draws the same ellipse along with the entire
  half-ellipse (v0.1.0)
- `plot_texture.py` draws the tool shape as used by the `texture.*` files (that
  is, considering `f` and `ap` as independent parameters) (v0.1.0, but still
  useful)
- `plot_texture_shallow.py` draws the tool shape as used by the
  `texture_shallow.*` files (that is, considering `f` and `ap` as dependent
parameters) (v0.1.0, but still useful)
- `plot_tool_path_param.py` plots a parametrized version of the tool path
  functions
- `plot_tool_path_sinusoid.py` plots a position-based version of the tool path 
  functions, based on sinusoidal functions. Not used for the implementation,
  but displays a possible approach to the modelling problem.
- `plot_tool_path_ellipsoid.py` plots the modelling approach used by the
  implementation. It consists on a blend of sinusoids and ellipses, which
  was able to make a resulting function which is closer to the shapes
  generated by the parametric function. This script displays both the 
  parametric version (in red) and the approximation (in blue). There are
  still some imperfections in the model, but it should be close enough,
  especially considering the resolution being used for the analyses.
